fix(icons): JA -> JP (#2836)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/lazy-squids-cry.md

---

> "@sumup-oss/icons": major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@sumup-oss/icons": minor
```

---

> Rename Japan country icon from JA to JP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new icon for Japanese flag with correct country code `flag_jp`. Deprecated the old `flag_ja` icon.
```
